Update NumPy demo notebook (#1963)
deephaven/deephaven-core: demo/web/src/main/notebooks/B. Data science, ML, & AI/B2 NumPy and Deephaven.md

There are many more methods that can be used to create arrays.

```python
c = np.ones((3, 1))
d = np.zeros((2, 4))
e = np.linspace(0, 1, 5)
f = np.arange(10)
print(c)
print(d)
print(e)
print(f)
```
\
\
Accessing rows and columns in NumPy `ndarray` objects works similar to that of standard Python lists.

```python
first_row_of_a = a[0, :]
second_column_of_a = a[:, 1]
print(first_row_of_a)
print(second_column_of_a)
```

NumPy supports a wide variety of data types in its `ndarray` objects.  The complete list can be found [here](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/user/basics.types.html).  To create an array of a specific data type, declare it in the method call via the `dtype` argument.

```python
g = np.array([1, 2, 3], dtype = np.short)
h = np.array([1, 2, 3], dtype = np.double)
print(g.dtype)
print(h.dtype)
```
\
\
These data types will be important in Deephaven queries, since they each have a mapping to a Java primitive supported by `deephaven.learn`.  This will be covered later in this notebook.  For more information, see [Inputs and the gather function](https://deephaven.io/core/docs/how-to-guides/use-deephaven-learn/#inputs-and-the-gather-function).

## Basic NumPy array operations

> Arrays are the building block of applications that use NumPy.  Thus, there are a wide variety of array operations that NumPy supports.  Here are just a select few.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arrays are the building block of applications that use NumPy.  Thus, there are a wide variety of array operations that NumPy supports.  Here are just a few.
```

And there we have it!  Piece of cake.  What kind of real-time data processing applications can you cook up?  Whatever you decide to do, Deephaven will make it easier.
\
\

> Got questions for us?  Check out our [gitter](https://gitter.im/deephaven/deephaven) or [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-core/discussions) pages.  We're happy to help!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Got questions for us?  Check out our [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/deephavencommunity/shared_invite/zt-11x3hiufp-DmOMWDAvXv_pNDUlVkagLQ) or [GitHub discussions](https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-core/discussions) pages.  We're happy to help!
```
